1. Line numbering from 1 (DONE)

2. Remove "Dropped", in all the rows the order should reflect natural order in the log.
	Broken chain contains "->" or "..." which is a link to the next line of this item.
	Such a way EACH column (not only first one) is ordered on time line.
3. Filtering is currently per 'this' and per 'State'. Both are not needed.
	Filtering is from profile. Really needed currently are 'address' & 'Status'

4. The "Findable" will not be defined in profile.
	This is a base property which marks the end of life cycle for after the request was destroyed.
	After that "this" will not findable by generic object create/find existing procedure.

5. View log - run application defined in config file (typically notepad++)

6. Assigned property should be visible in all states of the object that owns the property.
	Please show the list of properties on the right of the app window (not from context menu).
	Click on the state -> updated property list of the object + properties of the state (line number, line ...).
	Makes sense to keep in the state NOT a copy of the object, but the reference of the object
	(so the state has several state-specific things + all the things of the object)

7. What to show in the square of the "state" should be defined in the profile for this state.
	This is NOT limited by fields that were updated when this specific state is read from the log file.

8. "Properties" -> "Request = " is a bug, it has different values for different states
9. Menu or command-line for selection of profile (load profile). 

10. "CPort::BindUsbDevice port 4 CUsbDevice 0000000000000000" somehow creates
	device with this = 000000... , when should not. 

11. Document the syntax of format parsing (*, length etc) 

12. Application log - dropped/not recognized lines, ... 

13. Base Color of the object is currently selected randomly.
	The key for color selection should be some property of the object (from profile).
	Same key = Same color, different keys - different colors when possible.
	The best thing is concatenation of one or more properties of the object.
	Less best is one property of the object.
